And we also have our music track, so there's a few things going on here.
Let's now focus on the audio.
OK, so as you can see, it's synched up perfectly to this big strong beat that comes in when the overlay
or the title cards come in.
But there's a reason there's some cutting here, and there's a lot of changes to the key framing of
the volume.
We want the volume to be all the way up or at least more frontal and primary when there's no speaking.
Otherwise, it'll kind of fall flat.
So like we did earlier, if I put all this stuff down to the level that it is right here while she's
speaking.
She your membership plan and become an annual member today.
It just kind of falls flat, right, so let's undo that.
And let it play, it's become an annual member today.
There we go, and let's also take a look at what we were cutting and why we did it.
So I'm going to take away our cuts.
Let this play if you're ready to get started.
So that part sounds OK.
It has a little bit of an extra instrument added, but I have that same sound at the beginning of where
this track actually comes in just like 20 seconds earlier.
So rather than it's sounding a little bit repetitive, I went ahead and I grabbed a part of the track
that's later in that track and I put it lined it up at the same moment.
But change the type of sounds that that track was using, so we also went over that as well.
Earlier in the course of how to properly cut down and trim your music so that it really is cohesive
with all of your visuals.
That about does it for this breakdown on this client project trailer.
I believe the project budget for this was like 17000.
So you got to see a cool behind the scenes how to on how a really high end professional video of this
nature is cut together and what the special moments are that really makes it more entertaining and brings
up the production value.
So in the next video lesson, we're actually going to be hopping into another client project.
I will see you there.